Lost Boys still like his doing the same
stuff we're just putting less boy on
stage because he liked those
misunderstandings don't really happen
with less boy well it's the third week
of na LCS
I'm joined it right now by parth from
TSM with coverage presented by Omni
slash talked a little bit about what's
been going on with TSM so part this week
we saw a pretty big coaching change
happen did you guys actually officially
dress it all or was it just sort of like
rumored throughout cuz that maybe I
missed the official announcement sure we
officially announced it after so what
really happened was we ride currently
doesn't recognize multiple coaches in
the database and we mean song and less
player both still with us but in order
for lust way to go on stage he has to be
registered in song campy so when people
saw that song wasn't on the database for
us they were all speculating what's
happening what's going on and the real
thing is just if you saw some of the
players interviews and just behind the
scenes song is really smart about the
game and all the strategy and everything
but one thing the way he does pick and
Ben is very intuitive and so what
happened oftentimes is him and the
players wouldn't really be on the same
page and he wouldn't necessarily pick up
on the the nuances of what like song
were saying to them or they were saying
to song and so that nuance has really
led to a lot of like miscommunication on
when he would go onstage and draft at
the end of the after we came back and
talked about it the players were
actually very confused about our
priorities and why we were picking
certain things and that communication is
something that we really wanted to
address I mean we've been working on it
with song for a fair bit but it is
summer and if we want that to change
I think it's just better to make that
shift and just put less play on stage
instead of song so what what can you
elaborate a little bit on the issues
that you thought you had where people
picking the wrong champion because as
somebody like I know you've been on
stage ton you talk to these players do
you have an idea of what those coms are
like I think for a lot of people
standing on the outside it's it's kind
of hard to understand like is it that
he's telling them to pick a different
champion and they're picking the wrong
champion is it like how does that that
fold out yeah
I mean I don't know the full details of
what happened but it's more like when
you kind of sit down and have
discussions about like picks order
priority there's like so many scenarios
that you have to go through and song
isn't one who has like a big system of
explaining this is what I'm gonna do
when this happens and this happens so
his idea of doing things is just getting
a general idea from the players and then
making his own specific plan on that
right and so when that general idea like
consensus is like traded those
information there's things lost in
translation between the players in the
song and it's more like I don't know an
example off like a nuance that might not
necessarily apply but could happen is
like song might be like what things can
are bad or good against this champion
right that doesn't necessarily mean that
the players want to play that champion
it's just so small things like that kind
of add up to making like big mistakes on
stage so we're trying to address and fix
it and I mean song has every
responsibility still on stage and song
or not on stage outside of stage and
lustboy still like is doing the same
stuff we're just putting less boy on
stage because he like those
misunderstandings don't really happen
with less boy so is song the head coach
of TSM because I think that's what a lot
of people's impressions were does he
maintain that title I'm not sure about
like I'm not sure if we ever addressed
him as like the head coach I mean we
just have song who like leads a
strategic direction and strategic coach
and lustboy who was like the assistant
coach but that's pretty much it so
unless boi maintains his assistant coach
role I mean I think we have to give him
a bigger role now so he I guess they're
both like sharing the position now they
just have different responsibilities in
terms of what they're doing so Co head
coaches I mean I guess I mean we are
trying to work with riot so to add both
coaches on to the database because we
think it's to the point where I think
every team has multiple coaches on their
staff and
yeah there are titles for who's head
coach who's this and who's that but
everyone kind of ends up doing
everything and so everyone just sort of
shares all the responsibilities
so like when it was me and curry last
late right I had like a very specific
set of responsibilities that I needed to
do and so did curry and so I'm not
really sure what like the official
titles that ride is gonna call them but
they called him head coach so yeah I
don't know I want to get more into the
team's performance in a second but while
we're still in the topic of coaches and
kind of looping into the performance of
the team is there a chance that you or
Andy could make more of an appearance
than the team because a lot of people
know obviously you you've you left and
then you came back in the past when the
team wasn't hitting the standard said it
needed to hit a lot of people know that
Andy often times is known to come in and
like make a bunch of decisions help lead
the team is there any chance that that
is an option that is maybe on the table
if things continue to be an issue
throughout the rest of the split I mean
TSM is always like Andy's baby and and I
only enjoyed TSM just because I enjoy
working with this team
first and foremost and so if there are
any major problems that continue to
happen then if that might be an option
but right now we're trying to do
everything in-house and Andy outside of
being like the moral support hasn't
really stepped in or done anything what
how do you feel about the team's
performance right now especially given
you know disappointing playoffs but I
don't feel they're not like leading the
church right now obviously coming off a
win just against cloud 9 but they're not
number one in the league how do you feel
about TF stones position and sort of the
performance of the team overall sure I
definitely think that with us trying to
work with both Mike and John and this
coaching shift we're gonna be a lot more
slower in terms of how we ramp up
towards playoffs that being said I think
a lot of the issues that we had last
week we addressed this week so I do
think that we are equal or slightly
better than that our record right now
and I think we can only look to improve
from now on trying to think if there is
anything else as obviously that game has
wrapped up because we just
finished stuff but I think I think I do
have to wrap up because the game ended
is there anything that you would say oh
actually I do want to talk to you
Academy streams you guys just did an
Academy stream this weekend or this week
for the first time is this something
that you guys plan on doing frequently
also I think maybe you are one of the
first teams to a lot of teams are not
using their players you guys are using
the players which I expect might be hard
because of scrim block situations at
that time so maybe you can just give me
your take and TSM strategy there sure so
we're one of the few teams are maybe the
only team who isn't streaming Academy
every week we do think that it's super
valuable but in terms of just the
resources that you have to put in and
the manpower it takes we want the
streams that we do to be engaging
entertaining and up to the quality that
sort of riot has it
we don't feel like half-assing it is
really like the way to go which is why
we're looking at key points in the
season or times where it's like good for
us to do those streams so for example we
just recently did a stream where it was
Pearson and Hunter casting and I think
that the reception was really good and
that's like a format we might continue
with and obviously we'll work around
scrims and I don't think it should be
too much of commitment if we don't do it
too much so I think overall we want to
create an experience for like the
audience who's watching that's really
good but it's not something that we can
I feel that we can sustain for the
entire split do you feel like other
teams are have passing it I mean I'm not
sure if they're half-assing it by the
cloud9 specifically though has like a
very cool stream setup they like gone
all in on that and this is I mean of
course a learning opportunity for us to
like we actually when we did our stream
we looked at the stuff cloud and I was
doing right and wrong and I do think
that next split in two spring if this
sort of format continues more teams will
ramp up and I think even TSM will try to
do like a format where it is weekly but
this is like a good like learning
opportunity as a split for us very good
well thank you so much for the interview
is there anything that you want to say
tuning the TSM fans out there I know
it's been a little rough this is the
first split we're coming off a split
where we lost before the finals from the
first time in TSM history
but I really really think that all the
players and the staff is working as hard
and as efficiently as possible I hope
you continue to support them and we can
only go up from here
thank you so much for the interview part
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
thanks so much to Omni slash for the
support I want to talk to you guys a
little bit about something personal a
personal event that happened in my life
recently a lot of you might know that I
moved out of my old places into a new
place and that's because my family has
expanded that's right I am actually
supporting someone else now and so you
know that we know when the omni's slash
supports this when you hit up my twitch
town with a twitch prime when you
subscribe to this and that car drives by
that all that stuff is going supporting
not just me but also Coby who lives with
me now
you know you've all heard the rumors
about castor pay I gotta take care of
him he expects me to pay all the rent to
feed him to basically do everything you
just sort of plays video games so then I
just have to do everything else doing so
your support helps me take care of my
family my family being Coby